Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to create the functionality in order to highlight products to our wish
list.
Okay, now, before we create the wish list screen, we can just go ahead and create the functionality.
So have product to our wish list.
Okay.
To do this, we the provider directory, we are going to create a new file and we can call this file
which lists the scope provider.
Then the dot is going to look very similar to that of the card provider.
So we can just alight everything over here and its control and copy and paste this and over here we
are going to rename the class.
This is going to be a wish list provider.
And also this is going to be a get.
Wish item.
Which item?
Okay.
And we do not need this to surprise.
Get rid of it.
We also want to get the length of the.
They had said which products and we are going to rename this to say add which item.
Okay.
And we do not need the equipment and equipment.
We need this clear cut.
We're just going to rename this to Claire.
Claire which.
Great.
And now we have to tell our men that fi that we have a new provider called which list.
To do this we have to go to the main dot dot.
And over you had your train come and we are going to have another change notifier.
Change the to fire and for this creates we are going to use an underscore to say it can be empty.
And we are then going to return the witch.
Provider.
Okay grids and use control necessary.
And this is all we need to do in the main dot file and now we can create the screen within the views
directory.
We are going to create a new file and we can call this file which list underscore screen and or dot
and it's going to looks very similar to that of the car screen.
So in this cut screen we can just alight everything and copy.
And we can then paste it in this wish list screen.
And now we have to rename this.
This is going to be a wish list.
Okay.
And also for this test.
This is going to be rich list.
Okay.
And.
This is going to be a wish list.
Wish list.
Wish list provider.
And we want to assess the clear.
Claire.
Which.
Okay, great.
So, Claire, the witch.
And for this contestant.
Watch, we are basically checking if the if we have a cast item or not.
So this is going to be if we have which list, item or not.
So this is going to be from the witch.
Which list provider.
And this should be.
Gets which items OC.
Great.
And so this variable called cards provider, we have to rename this to which provider?
And this is going to be which provider.
Which provider counts to get how many?
Hi Tim.
We have heard that how many.
Which we have had that and we have to just rename this to.
Which which.
Writer.
And.
Which.
Provider.
Okay.
And this is going to be which.
Which provider?
Okay.
And you can see we have this rule and this rule is basically for the quantity and the order is for the
document.
Right?
So what we can just do is we can get rid of this child.
And.
It ends over here.
Okay.
Great.
Use control and save.
Okay.
And lastly, when we when we click on this, we want to be able to hide it.
To do this, we have to go to.
The product detail, product detail folder and end product detail and.
We are just going to copy.
Copy.
I think we have this over here.
Okay.
It has copy from this part.
See to copy and screw up this contrast between this wide.
Screw up.
Look, you can see we have this over here and his this.
And this is going to be from the rich list provider which lays provider.
And this is going to be get which items.
And.
And I think we have the heart.
And this is going to be.
From the witch list provider.
And we also had the witch item.
And this is basically all we need to do via.
Okay.
And now when we click on this, when we click on this.
Sorry.
When we click on.
This wish list.
We want to go to that with the screen.
So to do that, we have to go to the profile screen.
Profile screen.
And you can see we have that which this and we basically wrapped everything up with the test button
so we can then say navigator.
It.
What?
That push.
Is asking for the roots or roots.
This is going to be much severe.
Page material, Page wrote.
And contests.
And we then want to return.
What?
We then want to return the witch list screen.
Sorry.
Which list?
Screen.
What did you call that?
I think we have.
Which.
Let's.
Okay.
I'm just going to check what we called it.
We are going to rename this to which the screen.
And in the middle of that five.
We also do have to say.
Commander.
Okay.
No, nothing.
We are not using that screen.
And this is going to be a return.
Which list?
Screen and we need that over there and how we start this now.
And you just have to click on this.
On this, okay.
On this.
Okay.
Let's just wait it out.
We start.
Okay.
Sign up.
And log in.
And this is going to be my I think have I mean.
Kimmel.
Dot com and password.
Okay.
Click on login.
And taking some time to.
Okay.
And let's just check that first to see click on which this and you can see currently we have nothing.
You can also just rename that test.
Okay.
And let's go.
Had a product to see.
Click on this.
The Connect again.
Okay.
You send your cards.
Your item is in cards already as this or something like that.
We can check it out.
Okay.
We do not have it displayed.
Yet.
Okay.
Let's go to the wish list screen to see what we are not doing right.
Sorry.
This should be what?
Which list.
Okay.
Make sure you don't make such mistake, which let's provide.
So you get rid of this.
They called us to see what we were.
Okay.
Sorry.
This should be get.
Which item?
Get.
You did get which item?
And click on this to see what we are missing again and get to it with this.
You should forget which items.
Okay.
Now, if you've forgotten why why we are doing this, or if you don't know why we are doing this, you
can just check how we created the functionality for the cards.
And this is basically it.
And it should it should work as expected.
You can see currently we have it and you can see we got rid of that quantity already and we do not need
that bottom --.
So we can get rid of that via.
And it ends.
Why?
I think it's necessary.
And you're not going to see it anymore.
Okay.
And we can just try so hard on other products to be sure everything is working as expected.
Click on this.
And first of all, in the.
In the product detail.
If we already have that product, we then want to say item already in.
Which.
Which list?
And in the car screen.
Touch screen.
For this order.
We want to say your.
Your wish list.
These empty seats are necessary now.
And let's try.
But again.
And.
Click on this.
So you know this but this you can see item already in which list and that's go check our wish list.
Check.
Okay.
Yes.
Answer now.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.